We spent all this time on air handling.
So now surely there is no way that we could break everything by just adding in one keyword, right?
There's no way that could possibly happen.
Oh.
Oops.
Yeah.
Turns out we can break all the error handling stuff we just did by adding in one very small keyword.
So in this video, we're going to take a look at what that keyword is.
We're going to understand what it does to us and how we're going to solve it and make it work with our
area handling approach.
So I'm going to find that little Apple statement we just added in a moment ago, and I'm going to put
it on the async keyword like so.
Now, surely that's not going to do anything to us, right?
We don't actually have any await syntax inside of here.
All we're doing is throwing in an error.
Well, let's save this.
Go back over to Postman and make that same request once again.
Hey, wait a minute.
It's stuck in sending request.
What's going on here?
How did we just break this?
By adding on that one little keyword.
Well, you got to understand what async does behind the scenes.
Whenever you mark a function as async, that function is no longer going to immediately return any value.
Instead, it's going to return a promise that's going to resolve with some value in the future, even
if we throw an error inside there.
How does this relate to Express?
Well, let's go back to the express air handling documentation once again.
You might recall that I had mentioned very briefly that if we had a synchronous root handler and we,
through an error express, will automatically capture that thing and throw it off to any error handling
middleware we have to find inside of our application.
However, if we have an asynchronous middleware or an asynchronous root handler, and when we say asynchronous,
we are talking about any root handler that's going to have a async period applied to it, a callback
or a promise.
Then we have to rely upon this next function instead.
And that's what we just did.
We now have an asynchronous route handler.
So if we want this thing to work correctly, we have to receive.
That next function.
And when we decide to throw in air, we don't actually throw it instead.
We will call next with our air.
So let's now save this.
Flip back over to Postman and try this again.
Looks like it's working once again.
Well, obviously, rather than doing a throw new error versus next, I would rather not have to worry
about this next thing at all.
It's something that's very particular to express, and it really requires engineers to understand what
next is doing behind the scenes.
I think it would be a lot better if we could somehow figure out a way to stick with the throw keyword
instead and just make this work.
Well to do so, we're going to install a little package, a little package that's going to change the
default behavior of how Express handles route handlers like the one we just put together right here.
This little package is going to make sure that express weights or essentially does an a weight statement
on this function.
And so if we have some async code inside of here, for example, using async await express will start
to watch for any errors that we throw at any point in time inside this function.
So essentially it's just augmenting the default behavior of express and kind of bringing it into the
present age of using async await.
This package is extremely easy to use.
Let's just go take a look at the documentation for it very quickly.
I'm going to open up PM.
So KPMG's.
And at the top, I'm going to do a search we're going to look for.
I do not recall the name of it off the top of my head.
I got to check my notes really quickly.
There we go.
Turns out there's a dozen packages with very similar name, which is why I didn't really just want to
randomly search for it.
So express async errors.
That's what we're looking for.
So here's express async errors.
You can read the documentation here if you want to.
It pretty much just does what I mentioned.
It's going to make sure that if we ever throw in air at some point in time inside of an async function,
this whole package is going to make sure that Express listens for it.
To use this thing, all we have to do is install it.
And then require it in or in our case, imported in right after express.
That's it.
That's all we have to do.
So let's go over to our terminal and install it into our project.
I'm inside of our ticketing directory.
I'll change into off and then do an NPM install.
Express async errors.
This is a very small module, so it should install rather quickly.
After installing it, I'll then go back over to my index file.
I'll go up to the top.
I'll find where we import express.
And then right after that, I'll add an import express async errors.
And that should be it.
So I'll save this.
You'll notice that I still have code that was causing us trouble a moment ago.
But if I go back over to Postman and send a request once again.
Now it's working.
And even though we've got that async keyword in there.
Awesome.
So this is going to fix up not only the root handlers we define inside this file, but inside of other
files as well.
So, for example, if we go back over to sign up.
Here's the signup file.
Find the actual root handling function and put the async keyword on there as well.
Now we can go back over to Postman.
I'll fix up my URL so I'm going to delete all that gibberish at the end.
I'll make sure I'm still making a post request.
Now, if I send this off.
Yep.
This works as well.
Cool.
Well, I'd say this looks pretty good.
Now we can handle errors across the board, and I'm pretty sure that really actually is the last air
related topic we need to worry about for a long time.
So with that in mind, quick buzz right here.
I'm going to start taking a look at actual authentication, which is what we actually originally set
out to do in just a moment.